hey everyone welcome back to my channel
so today I'm filming a what's in my bag
tag and if you guys want to see my bag
and what's in it then just keep on
watching alright so the bag I carry is
this one it is Michael Kors and it just
has this vibrant berry pink shade down
the center and underneath it it doesn't
have it but it has like studs too so
it's really nice and then there's these
two straps right here and there's one
that's not very long right here
I usually just carry it in the little
crease of my elbow but yeah let's get
into what's inside of it so there's just
a little button snap it's not a zipper
it's kind of a mess in here
there's a lot so let's just get right
into it okay so the first thing I pull
out is this Twilight wood back and
Bodyworks spray it smells really good
there I put some one um I got this a
while ago and now it's in my mouth but
yeah that's what's one thing in my purse
and then I have some headphones my
driver's license and keys so I have this
little I can't I'll turn it on I have
this little Vera Bradley like a wristlet
thing and it has my money and stuff in
it and then I have my keys to make her
and this Vera Bradley lanyard and then I
have here's two packs of gum you know
gum it is great to have and then I have
this Nature Valley crunchy oats and
honey bar okay then I pull out this
little Vera Bradley um makeup bag
whatever and I have my lip stuff in here
so first I have my baby lips and this
one is the
cherri me one and then I have this
Milani lip stick in flirty fuchsia and
it's this really vibrant pink and then I
have this Mirabella one that I got in an
Etsy bag and it's called Posie I'll show
you what this one looks like it looks
like this it's like a kind of a deep
rose gold color and then I have my MAC
lipstick in angel because this one is
just a great on-the-go lipstick it's
very light and glossy and sheer so if I
just really want to like quickly put
something on I just swipe that one on a
couple times then we're good to go
okay then I have this Victoria's Secret
such a flirt lotion it's star fruit and
white orchard and this one smells really
good I got it as a birthday gift and
it's a really sweet smell and it's
really good my favorite Victoria's
Secret lotion of all time probably my
all-time favorite smelling lotion is
their um I totally want blank it's not
such a flirt okay so it's called pure
seduction and that's my all-time
favorite bath and Bodyworks lotion I
have a big one I don't have a little one
so that's why I such a flirt is in there
but it's great just great
then I have some Trader Joe's organic
peppermints cuz you know I have all that
stuff for your mouth being clean and
then I have another little Vera Bradley
thing and it just has some change in it
not very much a couple quarters but and
then I have my coach sunglasses in here
which I rarely wear because who has time
to wear sunglasses Plus that means I
have to put them on over my glasses and
for real who has time for that
not me so I just have those in there
just in case I ever need them or what
you wear them and then I have this
little hair clip for my bangs when I
want to pin them back and then I have
this coach little wristlet which was in
my last come which was in my last what's
in my bag tag it's just this black
leather Coach bag and I haven't I not
carrying a wallet with me at the moment
because I usually am keeping my
important stuff in the air Bradley
wristlet because that's usually on me
all the time but in this one let's see
what I have so I have this car wash
thing for two dollars off I think and
that had this little Joanne's student
fabric discount thing I have my
Starbucks card I have my Ulta club card
I have an Ulta gift card I have my
jo-ann student thing I have a free
coffee I think from chick-fil-a free
medium coffee which playing a picture of
my grandma okay so that is what is in
the little black wristlet and let's see
what else is on my purse because that's
always interesting and then I have oh
I'm wearing this right now I have my
all-time favorite now lip liner and I
wear it freaking 24/7 it's the Jordana
tawny lip liner his free lips I just
lined my whole lips because it's
excellent stays on all day such a pretty
like Kylie Jenner lip color and I love
that and then and so that's it for the
big main area and then in the little
side side pocket let's see what I have
so I have some tylenol for school and
then oh my gosh dude
the last thing in here's another pack of
gum let's see how much stuff I have for
my mouth and this pack this pack this
pack and freakin mints dude
let's find out who that is it was my mom
calling so it's cool or whatever so that
was basically all that's in my bag do
you guys want to see something cool
about my bag okay so there's this little
strappy strap here and if you pop it
forward like not forward like huh
there's a key oh my gosh the key goes
into the into the lock oh my gosh it
unlocks the Michael Kors golden luck I'm
just kidding I'm being stupid but yeah
that's pretty pretty cool about my bag
and has a freaking key that unlocks the
lock and I'm pretty sure all microporous
bags that have locks have them but this
is my gorgeous Michael Kors bag that I
love and I really hope that you guys
enjoyed seeing what was in it I hope you
did because I love what - my bag tags
and I love seeing what people put in
their bags because yeah it's interesting
so thank you guys so much for watching I
really hope that you enjoyed it please
keep watching please keep watching I'm
sorry thank you so much for watching I
will see you guys in my next video
mwah stay fears oh and don't forget to
subscribe okay